# Readme
# Enverus
Enverus Take Home

## Code Walkthrough
I used python and the pandas library to complete the work.  I have commented the python file to explain each step.  The final dataset is named “final_playstore_ratings.csv” .  I have also kept files created along the way for reasoning purposes.

### Question 1

> Filter the dataset to have 
>     1. one entry per App name 
>     2. remove apps with invalid ratings

1. I de-duped the dataset and put it into the “one_app” data frame.
2. I noticed that apps like “8 Ball Pool” still had 7 entries because each record had a unique number of ratings, and one had a different category than the rest
	1. **Assumption** Since the number of ratings were so similar, I  assumed that the record was pulled multiple times at different times.
	2. To solve this, I created one record that had the highest frequency of category and the max amount of ratings .
	3. Upon further review after I aggregated 'category' and 'ratings', I ran a test to see how many apps had more than one instance 45 of them.  I then added all aggregate fields to my aggregation statment to ensure we got 1 of each app.  **Assumption**, most of the fields I select the max value, even though it is perfectly possible that all these ratings and versions are valid separate entries
3. I took the last dataset and removed the invalid ratings by removing null values.  This field has a datatype of float64 so if it were not a number, the record would be invalid.
4. The solution prints as "playstore_distinct.csv"

### Question 2
> Add a new gross revenue feature for each app 

1. I creatd a column named Gross Revenue and I multiplied the # of installs by the  price of paid apps **Assumption** I do not know the amount of revenue generated by free ads, so that revenue cannot be added to this column
2. I had to ensure some type of error handling, because I learned there were records where columns were placed in the wrong position
3. The solution prints as "playstore.csv"


### Question 3
> Return the top 3 grossing apps in each category

1. I placed 3 columns, App, Category, and Gross Revenue into its own dataframe using App as the axis
2. I chose the top 3 Categories with the highest gross revenue and placed it in its own dataframe to be printed out as top3apps.csv